docs: Remove tcpstat exporter warning (#3305)
prometheus/node_exporter: README.md

sysctl | Expose sysctl values from `/proc/sys`. Use `--collector.sysctl.include(-info)` to configure. | Linux
swap | Expose swap information from `/proc/swaps`. | Linux
systemd | Exposes service and system status from [systemd](http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/). | Linux

> tcpstat | Exposes TCP connection status information from `/proc/net/tcp` and `/proc/net/tcp6`. | Linux

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
tcpstat | Exposes TCP connection status information from netlink. Warning: hosts with high connection counts may increase scrape times. | Linux
```

Reviewer: At a minimum we need to update the docs to mention netlink.

```suggestion
tcpstat | Exposes TCP connection status information from netlink`. | Linux
```
